[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a zombie horror film
dawn of the dead
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
anna works as a nurse at a hospital
after work she drives home as usual
the little girl next door greets anna
and excitedly shows anna her skating
skills on her roller blades
at night anna and her husband enjoy
bedtime hormone story
and plan their coming weekend the next
morning however
when they wake up they are shocked to
see the little girl standing in their
bedroom
noticing that the girl's face is covered
in blood and gore the husband goes to
help the girl
but she savagely bites him to death anna
is scared and tries to call 9-1-1
but fails because the telephone system
has collapsed
when anna turns around she finds her
honey stands right behind
but the sweet honey turns bloody and
charges at her in rage
she struggles to escape and finally
locks herself into the bathroom
in great panic she comes to realize her
husband has turned into a mindless
zombie
so when he breaks the door to squeeze
inside she jumps out of the window for
life
outside however she's frightened to see
that the neighborhood is turned into
hell
she immediately gets into the car and
drives away
but the hormone fast husband also
appears fast
chasing behind tightly luckily on the
way
he gets distracted away by other targets
anna turns on the radio to learn that
the government has declared a state of
emergency
due to a plague sweeping the whole
nation on a major road where is full of
people
in flight a man attempts to hijack her
car
anna fights back and manages to get rid
of him but later crashes her car into a
tree due to her panic
causing her to be knocked unconscious
shortly after
she wakes up and tries to get out of the
car an officer discovers her and
allows her to follow him after making
sure she's not a zombie
they search forward cautiously soon they
come across a wandering group
handsome pregnant wife and her husband
they're so scared that both sides draw
their guns
after confirming that none of them is a
zombie they get relieved
hansen tells anna that it is dangerous
to keep going forward
because they just got out there and it
is full of zombies
knowing the group are going to a nearby
shopping mall the officer and anna
decide to follow them
when reaching the back door of the
shopping mall they try to bust the lock
but the sound draws a zombie nearby who
charges at them fast
but gets killed they managed to get
inside the mall
it's really quiet inside and no trace of
zombie has been found
after a short break in the hall handsome
and the husband decide to check around
to make sure that this place is truly
safe to stay
while the officer stays to protect anna
and the pregnant woman
the husband checks all the doors and
finds them all locked from inside
but suddenly a zombie hits the door from
outside trying to force his way in
when handsome sees a shadow moving under
a door he gently opens it for a check
but only to discover a horrible zombie
having his bloody dinner
the zombie notices him as well and comes
to attack him
while in the hall hearing some loud
noises the three people want to go find
out what happened
but a zombie suddenly appears from
behind them grabs the pregnant wife
and tries to bite her for blood the
officer fights against the zombie to
save her
during the fierce fight they both fall
into a fountain
anna takes a good chance to kill the
zombie on the other side
handsome also manages to set himself
free by terminating the zombie with an
iron bar
fortunately the five of them reunite
again and search upstairs for shelter
but they find that place has been taken
over by three security guards
who are unwilling to accept them at
first but after they promise they will
stay out of trouble and give up their
guns
the security leader changes his mind and
allows them to
stay there the five of them go to take
care of their wounds
the husband finds a bite wound on his
wife's arm but he decides to conceal
that to the rest
and tries hard to find a pair of shoes
for herself
when she tries to put it on she finally
loses control
and bursts into sorrow for the loss of
her husband later the remaining men
are sent downstairs to clear the zombies
they shoot all zombies in the head
which is said the only way to kill
zombies after that they go to the
rooftop to paint an sos sign
there they hear a gunshot which turns
out to be from a braided guy
trapped in a gun shop suddenly a
helicopter flies over the roof
but totally ignoring them below at night
the leader locks anna and her friends in
a room
because he still doesn't totally trust
them during their sleeping
the timer is on so the young security
guard is asked to turn it off
later he is frightened to see on the
monitor that a truck rushes into the
parking lot
which draws many zombies to the mall
anna says they should rescue people on
the truck
while the leader insists that it's wrong
to let those guys in
because some of them may be infected
therefore he threatens to kill anyone
who disobeys his orders
handsome agrees with anna so he takes a
chance to knock off the leader's gun
and locks him up handsome and the
husband stand behind the mall's back
door
and get ready to take action out when
the truck stops right in the doorway
the two rush out to shoot the zombies
meanwhile anna and the pregnant wife ask
the newcomers to get to the roof of the
truck
and help them climb into the mall anna
is responsible for taking care of the
injured
among whom a greasy lady is injured
badly and
unconscious the newcomers tell them that
they just escaped out from fort pasture
a us military base which has been wiped
out by zombies
meaning the military can't send out
rescue teams in the short term
because of that the officer falls into
despair
then he goes to the rooftop to take a
breath he then tells the braided guy
there will be no rescue
but the braided guy seems tough and
remains optimistic
not treating that as the bad news inside
the greasy lady dies soon due to her
injury moments later anna's shocked to
find she's back on her feet
and comes to charge them suddenly
fortunately anna manages to pierce her
greasy head with an iron bar
then they realize that normal people
will be zombified if infected by zombie
bites
because of that they have to find out
the wounded one and kill the infected
right away
and the officer is selected as the
executioner they notice a newly coming
father obviously gets infected
and needs to be quarantined or killed
for the safety of others
his daughter can hardly accept such
arrangement to her father
but the father doesn't want to become a
flesh eater so after consoling her
daughter
the father succumbs to his fate in the
following days
the officer keeps contacting with the
braided guy on the rooftop
to kill the boring time they even play
chest through cardboards
and hide and seek rather than the
hormone game
while a lonely young boy and a horny old
girl start their hormone journey
right under the close watch of zombies
outside
one day during their dinner time as
usual the husband helps his pregnant
wife deliver her baby
despite knowing that she's about to turn
into a zombie
suddenly they endure a power outage so
the leader guides his men to find the
emergency generator
when they get to the underground parking
garage they discover a clever dog
the dog walks to them but suddenly stops
barking in their direction
then a zombie attacks them from nowhere
soon
more and more zombies come to them they
flee and lead the zombies to the gas
station
where they burn the zombies with gas at
last they get back safely
except for a young security guard while
tied to the bed
the wife dies and shortly becomes a
zombie in fear and despair
the husband still tries to deliver the
baby out
right then newcomer finds them but is
scared to see the zombified baby and
wife
so she immediately shoots the wife in
the head then the husband and the
newcomer fall into a gunfight
and both of them die of the gunshots
hearing that others run into the room
and find a horrified fat baby they have
to dispose of the infected corpses
and the somified baby as well in danger
they plan to flee to an island in lake
michigan because it is not safe to stay
in the mall in the long run
so they begin to reinforce two buses in
the parking garage
and load everything necessary on board
the officer tells the braided guy that
they are leaving
and knows the braided guy is starving
and his life is in danger
later the officer and the group decide
to set the clever dog to deliver food to
him
the doggy completes its task soon but
some zombies follow inside
as a result the braided guy gets bitten
a woman drives to the gun store trying
to rescue the dog on her own
but she is trapped inside so the group
get to the gun store through the
drainage
but the zombies soon discover them
during the chaos
they finally locate the woman and the
dog and fight their way out through
numerous zombies
they blow up the store to slow down the
zombie army so as to gain more time for
their escape
then they struggle to flee into the
buses as planned
however with tons of zombies blocking
the way in front
the buses can hardly move inches right
at that critical moment the leader
detonates a propane tank
resulting in a big blast among the
zombie army and therefore clearing a
path for the two buses
on the way to the lake however one bus
crashes due to the zombie attack
causing all the newcomers to be killed
immediately while the only bus left
makes it all the way to the dock
where the group have to fight their way
to the boat from the chasing zombies
in order to save time for others the
leader decides to sacrifice himself
and detonates their last bomb at last
the remaining survivors get on the yacht
except for handsome who chooses to stay
behind due to the bite wound
despite her unwillingness to leave him
alone anna has to bid him farewell
and leave with the rest right away while
handsome places his gun under his chin
then kills himself this is daniel cc
movie channel
peace out